src/data/about.md, before:


# Intro

"Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum."

# Currently

"Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum."

# Some history

- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

- ALorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua

- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

- Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

# I like

- Skiing (both water and snow)
- Coffee
- Dragons

# Fun facts
- 
# Favorite Games

Commit message:

Dark Mode Refactor and Hide Option

src/data/about.md, after:


# Intro

I am a UX Designer, maker, skier, coffee addict, video game enthusiast, and a huge proponent of sweatpants. I love finding joy in the people that I'm surrounded by, and trying to bring that same joy to others. I live everyday striving to find what I have to offer the people around me and how I can live that out. 
            
# Currently

You will find me as a Technical UX Designer at 343 Industries working on Halo Infinite. 

# Some history

- I grew up on a cattle ranch in Northeaster Colorado. 
- I have my undergraduate degree in Computer Science from the University of Colorado in Boulder.
- I have my Masters Degree in *deep breath* Human Centered Design and Engineering from the University of Washington.

# I like

- Skiing (both water and snow)
- Coffee
- Welding 
- Woodworking
- Dogs; no I don't have one :(
- Dragons; also don't have one :(
- Video games that make me have "holy snap" moments 


# Fun facts

- I only had eleven students in my graduating class from high school.
- I've built a sculpture of a dragon out of sheet steel and over 1000 CDs.
- I took two semesters of Chinese in Undergrad. Every once in a while my brain can translate characters I see into phonetic sounds (even if I don't remember meaning anymore).
- The first thing I did after forking this template from [Michael D'Angelo](https://mldangelo.com/) was to add Dark Mode. I use it on about everything I possibly can. 

# Favorite Games
- Outer Wilds [(yes I totally wrote one of my graduate school papers on it.)](../pdfs/The_Ship_Log_in_Outer_Wilds.pdf?target="_blank")
- Spyro The Dragon
- Skyrim (note the dragon theme)
- Oblivion 
- Morrowind (note the Elder Scrolls theme)
- Crash Team Racing
- The Last of Us (1&2)
